Minor improvements (#3484)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
## Unreleased

> * Minor improvement to the template generated by the **generate-docs** command.

Reviewer: what's the improvement?

Author: ```suggestion
* Added a missing period at the end of "This integration was integrated and tested with..." lines generated by the **generate-docs** command.
```
Is that OK?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a period at the end of lines produced by the **generate-docs** command that state the tested version of the product.
```
